tracy jackson: Give me just one second.
tracy jackson: Are you able to hear me.
tracy jackson: Yes. Okay, good.
tracy jackson: So my name is Tracy Jackson. What do you prefer to be called
SSB504R: Chris. Chris
tracy jackson: And so if my internet connection gets a little funny from time to time. I'm sorry about that. I'm in Panama and it
tracy jackson: doesn't always work the way I would like it to. And so maybe we can just get started. Tell me what you're hoping to get out of this treatments are possible treatment at bright heart help
SSB504R: Um, I was looking for some some maintenance everything I've been
SSB504R: Stuck
SSB504R: Not too long ago and methadone clinic.
tracy jackson: Because of this particular
tracy jackson: Situation with the current a virus or another reason.
SSB504R: Oh no, because basic like night my legs and I had a cat scratch fever really bad as the three years ago and haven't dropped the it might be
SSB504R: Hard to walk or ride a bicycle whatever Carson
tracy jackson: Happy to get to the Methadone clinic on a regular
Basis.
tracy jackson: And how
tracy jackson: For I guess before we even get started. Tell me something about yourself that has nothing to do with pain or health care, just something about who you are, what you love to do what you're good.
tracy jackson: At kind of thing.
SSB504R: Um, before I did this, which is pretty much nothing. I was a granite contractor for about 15 years I did countertops stairs.
SSB504R: fireplaces, all kinds of things.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And tell me
tracy jackson: In a few words.
tracy jackson: What what you think is going on with with your need for a few weeks, whether the let's driving
SSB504R: Driving say, well, my wake up in the morning. I feel like holy hell and I need to have them or that feeling.
SSB504R: Okay.
Okay.
tracy jackson: And is that that holy hell feeling is that pain or something else.
With trolls.
tracy jackson: Withdrawal OKAY. AND IN FOR HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN ON A
tracy jackson: 15 years. Okay. And how did you start
SSB504R: Dr around my neck.
SSB504R: slipped disc in my neck.
SSB504R: It was a pinch nervous gnosis or something I really
SSB504R: Am I doctor prescribed me five or six different opioid pain medications. Over the course of seven years all together. I mean, I had a good in two weeks, you have two or three things every two weeks, a couple things we build
SSB504R: Everything from morphing to elevate to delight in the offseason so isn't
SSB504R: That
SSB504R: Bad
tracy jackson: And
tracy jackson: Everyday 15 years has
tracy jackson: Always been things prescription opioids, or have you
SSB504R: Every, every
tracy jackson: Non prescription that
SSB504R: Up until
SSB504R: Last three years or so I moved. I moved to be close to my kids. Those delay. My ex wife. So it could be close with my kiddos and
SSB504R: Then
SSB504R: It was really hard to find a sort of build connections and they started using a lot of creative and inserted.
SSB504R: Heroin
tracy jackson: Okay. And in terms of the creative and the heroin. How did you use this
SSB504R: Us always smoke.
SSB504R: Marijuana never even used the needle and creative ideas done because the margins. So couple teaspoons mountain watch it doesn't honor
tracy jackson: Okay. And then once you're
tracy jackson: Done with your last he have an API.
SSB504R: People knocking this point.
tracy jackson: Okay and so weird. Are you getting to be pornography now.
tracy jackson: Okay, so it looks like on your pharmacy database, you got a prescription for seven days of the printer thing back in
tracy jackson: early April that writer when Helen goes
SSB504R: Oh, not that long ago.
tracy jackson: Not that long.
SSB504R: Is this
tracy jackson: This is everybody so basically
tracy jackson: And do you have
SSB504R: Gotten that that mad.
tracy jackson: 14 till
tracy jackson: Till a week ago.
SSB504R: A week ago. Yes.
tracy jackson: Okay, and
tracy jackson: But you had to go to the emergency room last
SSB504R: night last night. No.
tracy jackson: Okay, there's an echo. So I'm gonna take this
tracy jackson: This off here.
tracy jackson: I'm guessing you can hear that echo
tracy jackson: Not too bad. Echo
SSB504R: That I heard earlier, there was a click, though. And I said to the guy. He couldn't hear it. Yeah.
tracy jackson: Sure. Okay. So I'm in the dosage, you're on the eight milligrams, is that sufficient for you. Do you feel that your cravings are controlled and
SSB504R: That's when to
SSB504R: Say no.
tracy jackson: Uh huh.
SSB504R: Yeah, it's maybe a pill and a half. I'll take it. I'll take one and then sometimes we'll take another half of one if I'm craving it
tracy jackson: Okay, and
tracy jackson: Have you taking
tracy jackson: One or potentially One pill in the morning and a half, two in the afternoon or one and a half pills in the morning with last do all day. No.
SSB504R: No one in that one and a half throughout the whole day did you have the later, they don't think
tracy jackson: I see. Okay, so
It seems to be
tracy jackson: The reason I ask is, you know, when sort of prescribing buprenorphine. You can, it's ideal if you just have to take it one today and that when those can last you the whole day rather than having to take it.
SSB504R: Every 12 hours right
SSB504R: So would it be better to take more than that. The initial those morning
tracy jackson: Yeah.
tracy jackson: But it seems that if you were able to take 12 milligrams and you could either try all at one time or eight in the morning and four in the afternoon that that will be enough for you to work with.
SSB504R: That's I see it seems to work best if if I do four in the afternoon is if I take 12 together. I seem to get a little, a little
Busy
tracy jackson: All right. And how about the last time you use here one
SSB504R: Little less than a week ago.
tracy jackson: Let's
SSB504R: Maybe like
SSB504R: Enhance up wise, actually.
tracy jackson: And how much heroin and he
SSB504R: Was using the diamond day
SSB504R: Of the quarter of a gram
SSB504R: Okay, now, now I just said it helps us to
tracy jackson: Actually, and what was the, how old are you when you first us and I started on pain pills and you said you started a couple of years ago.
SSB504R: When those goals are lifers
tracy jackson: When you first did heroin.
SSB504R: Oh 44 4043
tracy jackson: And okay and then in terms of the cranium. Are you still using that as well.
tracy jackson: Now, and how much of that we're using it. You're at
The co
SSB504R: I'm
SSB504R: About 10 grams a day since May 20 grams a day.
Okay.
tracy jackson: And how about other substances marijuana for instance.
Yes.
tracy jackson: And when was that
tracy jackson: When did you first start method may or even marijuana
SSB504R: When I was about 15 years old 14 okay
tracy jackson: And have you pretty much continuously been using some marijuana since then.
tracy jackson: Okay, and your last and your preferred method of
tracy jackson: Nice like that as well.
SSB504R: Yes. Okay.
tracy jackson: And last useless today.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And then about how much marijuana
tracy jackson: These in a day.
SSB504R: A couple grams. Okay.
tracy jackson: How about alcohol done
tracy jackson: And ever. He's alcohol.
SSB504R: I have before he's like to drink water, but I haven't been a drinker for years.
tracy jackson: And what and how many years.
SSB504R: He 35 or six years old.
tracy jackson: Okay, and how about any benzodiazepine Xanax Klonopin
tracy jackson: Vegas Valley.
tracy jackson: And have you ever used this before.
SSB504R: So you use what
tracy jackson: Have you ever used those pills before
SSB504R: Yeah.
tracy jackson: In your pain treatment.
Yeah, okay.
SSB504R: Maybe times
tracy jackson: Okay, and last piece of this
SSB504R: Oh virus by years ago.
tracy jackson: Okay, and how about putting
Nope.
tracy jackson: And any any second or last use of surfing so
SSB504R: Ok ok ok
tracy jackson: Ok and methamphetamine.
tracy jackson: Yes. Okay. And when was last time you did that.
tracy jackson: Last weekend. Okay. And how often the typically the Mac.
SSB504R: Address.
SSB504R: Seems like it's like it was a weekend thing.
tracy jackson: Okay, went to weekend and what was your. When was your first piece of metal.
SSB504R: 17 years old.
SSB504R: Okay.
tracy jackson: And then how about and then how about tobacco cigarettes.
tracy jackson: Yes. And, and these might combustible cigarettes or baked.
SSB504R: Goods roll your own cigarettes.
They can't afford it.
tracy jackson: Right and him and how many packs a day or how many patches.
SSB504R: Oh that's got a lot less than needs to be. I only smoked maybe five cigarettes.
tracy jackson: Have to get today. Okay. And since you were a kid.
SSB504R: I
SSB504R: Was a high school
tracy jackson: Right and and any other sorts of substances Ketamine mushrooms TCP acid, any of that kind of stuff.
SSB504R: Yeah, all that stuff. I used to have fun with all that stuff that's been years so
tracy jackson: Many years okay so it sounds like your major.
tracy jackson: The major I guess drugs of choice would be a few ways
tracy jackson: And miss and then the
tracy jackson: import them as and then marijuana and
tracy jackson: Tobacco
SSB504R: When I was gone hand in hand with their everything in hand with the bear one
tracy jackson: Right. And have you had any health complications related that you know of related to your use of any of these substances, no.
tracy jackson: Okay, and any legal issues that you've had related to any of these substances. Okay. Ever been to any kind of inpatient or outpatient rehabilitation or detox kind of facility.
SSB504R: I went to the ages methadone clinic for three years.
tracy jackson: Three years and which years where this
SSB504R: This is prior three years I've been there for maybe eight months.
tracy jackson: Okay, and what made you start at the Methadone clinic for years ago.
SSB504R: Thing. Same thing is done, getting being sick every morning and having kids to raise and
SSB504R: Then just not working out together.
tracy jackson: Yeah, and and what's your, what's your social situation now where do you live, he's in the home wiki.
tracy jackson: Any partner, that kind of thing.
SSB504R: Single dad, we have a larger camp trailer, we live in a mobile home park.
SSB504R: Basic trailer trash Americans.
SSB504R: I'm divorced
SSB504R: I GOT CUSTODY OF MY BOY.
SSB504R: He hasn't seen. I haven't seen his mom for a couple years is
SSB504R: just laughed. He had a brain hemorrhage and spot died and and they're in the
SSB504R: Us eight years ago.
tracy jackson: Okay, and you said you have one boy and any other children.
SSB504R: I have a daughter. That's 18 and she doesn't
tracy jackson: Okay, but your son is how old and he lives with you.
SSB504R: 12
tracy jackson: And 12 and he was busy okay and and tell me about your employer or you found where
tracy jackson: Where it
tracy jackson: Is
SSB504R: When I was a there isn't a story. I was working as a general contractor. And I did that until I was 25 or so and then I am I got into doing granite countertops granite purpose. There's chairs anything for the Cylon I could cause
SSB504R: I did that because I really hurt my back.
SSB504R: To any surgeries to not sin. My neck really bad women nervous my shoulders. I gotta say I go
SSB504R: Back.
tracy jackson: And are you still employed or I'm disability.
SSB504R: Been in play for a while. I
SSB504R: Really came to walk to the bus stop, and I have to. It's hard to do this.
SSB504R: By disability application. It is a freakin lawyers do it.
SSB504R: Before and been denied.
SSB504R: A LOT OF WORK FOR TO GET A denial
SSB504R: To do it again soon.
tracy jackson: So what are you doing for money now.
SSB504R: I'm on welfare.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And
tracy jackson: Then I have to go through just some typical kind of I know I'm just peppering you with questions and stuff.
tracy jackson: But any
tracy jackson: It's just kind of a list of issues. Do you have any problem with your eyes.
SSB504R: Know,
Any
tracy jackson: mouth, throat issues.
SSB504R: So Joe's
tracy jackson: Sinus that recurrent sinusitis or trouble swallowing or
tracy jackson: Hearing you know like that. Okay, any heart problems that you know
tracy jackson: So, okay, and your liver, kidneys, as far as you know there. Okay.
SSB504R: Well as I know
tracy jackson: And your lungs. The
tracy jackson: The lease or having issues. Okay. And when's the last time, or have you ever been tested for things like hepatitis HIV.
SSB504R: I just had a book, what does my girlfriend, years ago, and I was
SSB504R: Files. I have see test I need somebody to do that.
tracy jackson: And I'm
tracy jackson: Sorry that you've ever had.
SSB504R: I've never been either user and I don't like those scenes that stuff.
tracy jackson: Okay. And have you ever had a surgery before
tracy jackson: Are you there. Can you hear me.
tracy jackson: Yeah.
tracy jackson: Hello.
SSB504R: Yes.
tracy jackson: I can't see you, but I can hear you.
SSB504R: And that was weird. I just lost all internet connection. I thought my Earth.
SSB504R: Network went down.
tracy jackson: Yes.
tracy jackson: If there are a lot more people on the internet these days all over the place than normal. I think
Let's do that.
tracy jackson: So I was asking you about any surgery or hospitalization that you've had.
SSB504R: To have surgeries and then I am I got stuck in the hospital for eight days when I had actually
SSB504R: Died.
tracy jackson: Okay, and what other than the neuropathy and your feet wet other complications. Do you have related to your
tracy jackson: Surgical history. I mean, the capacity for sorry
SSB504R: I have
SSB504R: Like, like, my legs are swollen.
tracy jackson: They have
SSB504R: Like say later scars on
SSB504R: That that
SSB504R: That arthritis.
tracy jackson: And you mentioned you've got back pain and sciatica related to that and you've had a pinched nerve in your neck before
So,
tracy jackson: Yeah.
tracy jackson: And how about any kind of family history mom and dad.
SSB504R: And other than bad bad bad kind of resin family that's about it.
tracy jackson: They were still living.
tracy jackson: Okay. Any addiction in your family.
SSB504R: I'm not really a monopolistic wine.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: And then tell me what medications you take on an everyday basis.
SSB504R: Just a buprenorphine and
SSB504R: upsell for harbor.
tracy jackson: And that presents for heartburn. Okay.
tracy jackson: And how about two methods, all the type
SSB504R: Of just one one little until I guess it's 40 3040
tracy jackson: We take it over the counter. Yes. Okay.
tracy jackson: Any allergies any medications.
tracy jackson: And I'm just going to run through a quick list of
tracy jackson: Once again, a quick list of symptoms and just say yes or no to the symptoms. Okay.
tracy jackson: And if we get cut off.
tracy jackson: Any fevers, or night sweats.
tracy jackson: any difficulty with your vision, blurred vision, double vision.
tracy jackson: Know a ringing in your ears difficulty hearing
tracy jackson: Any problems with nosebleed snoring.
tracy jackson: Any hoarseness difficulty swallowing.
tracy jackson: Neck pains. We currently have some neck pain. Do you have a
tracy jackson: Long neck or swelling in
SSB504R: My throat, but I have seen the back of my neck.
tracy jackson: Pain the back of your neck. Okay. Any call shortness of breath coughing up blood wheezing, anything like that.
tracy jackson: Are you there.
tracy jackson: Another okay any rapid heart rate.
tracy jackson: Dizziness, when you stand up anything like that.
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: Any diarrhea, constipation, incontinence your pain you that, not just the just the heartburn.
SSB504R: Barbarian neck back being
tracy jackson: Okay, by bringing when you pick and the legs willing that burning when you pee know sexual dysfunction.
tracy jackson: No skin rash, other than the cellulitis
SSB504R: Value is valuable variances scar.
SSB504R: Sales stars.
tracy jackson: Carson City life and any numbness to other than your sciatica, which is down which leg. The sciatica.
SSB504R: my right leg.
tracy jackson: In the right leg and other than that, any kind of trimmer, dizziness, memory loss. Any that kind of stuff.
tracy jackson: Okay, insomnia,
tracy jackson: Depression, anxiety,
SSB504R: Normal amount till till you're done.
tracy jackson: Okay, no, no, suicidal thoughts.
tracy jackson: Now, or in the panel.
tracy jackson: That retain their pain and their panic attacks and anything like that.
tracy jackson: And the problems with your with bleeding or easy bruising or anything like that, you know,
Okay.
tracy jackson: I would like to just, it can you do your video again. Can you see how to turn that on.
SSB504R: There is a camera.
tracy jackson: Let me see. Maybe I can maybe turn on.
SSB504R: Start video
tracy jackson: Failed
tracy jackson: It's a good one thing. Can you put your put your finger on your pulse.
tracy jackson: And account until I tell you to stop. Okay.
tracy jackson: Can You Do you know how to find your pulse, either in your net or on your wrist.
tracy jackson: Okay, I'll tell you, go ahead and start now.
tracy jackson: All right, how many was that
tracy jackson: 10
Yeah.
tracy jackson: And I
tracy jackson: Know ever does on on any drugs before had to be revived with Narcan or any of that kind of thing.
So,
tracy jackson: No. Okay. Do you know what Narcan is
tracy jackson: The reversal medicine. Okay.
tracy jackson: The
tracy jackson: I think
tracy jackson: Those are all the questions I have for you. Let me just make sure are you currently experiencing any withdrawal symptoms at the moment.
tracy jackson: No.
tracy jackson: Chris
SSB504R: Sorry.
tracy jackson: That's okay.
tracy jackson: Okay. Yeah, I can. It's just kind of coming, coming in and out a little bit. Okay, so
tracy jackson: This is how this typically works at right hard at bright heart health. So I'm so sad. I can't see me try one more time to get you to start this video.
tracy jackson: Here with me or not.
SSB504R: I'm here, I just got there's no option for getting
tracy jackson: Started here story it
tracy jackson: Just doesn't want to do it for some reason.
tracy jackson: Here is the story of how things work typically right heart. Okay.
tracy jackson: In order to
tracy jackson: Be a part of the program. We just need to get a baseline urine drug screen and some baseline labs checking things like liver and kidney function and all that kind of stuff, if it's possible, like you said, you just got those labs and you're able to get a copy of those and send to us.
tracy jackson: We need other things. So I just recommend people to go ahead
SSB504R: Well, I just need to go get the labs done
SSB504R: To get those
tracy jackson: Yeah yeah
SSB504R: 22 papers something or do I just go into question.
tracy jackson: Yeah, you're just going to quote and you're in the right heart system and
tracy jackson: They'll just pull it up in the labs will essentially be there. I'll also have a care coordinator call you after this
tracy jackson: Until also send you an email with all the instructions that you need about this but. So just to start, we get a baseline drug screen.
tracy jackson: And some baseline labs. After that, at least to get started. You're already quite what we call induce right you're already on a stable, this would be from nothing. So starting today and what pharmacy do
SSB504R: The Walgreens on the Camry
tracy jackson: And what town is that
SSB504R: It does do
tracy jackson: In the distance
tracy jackson: I can just write this down. So I'm starting today, and I'll call you in just a week supply. Okay. The buprenorphine until we have a chance to get the last fat at bright heart health, because it's telemedicine in order to
tracy jackson: We'll have to set you up to see one of our therapists that does what we call a we're have more intense bio psychosocial assessment of you, and then you'll see that therapist individually, at least to start
tracy jackson: Once a week and the online. All this is online, obviously, and then you'll, you'll see either me or somebody else once a week in a group.
tracy jackson: And that group is just to make sure you know you don't have any side effects from your medicine, everything is okay.
tracy jackson: Again, we start out with two meetings a week just to start out, it's not that you will always necessarily have to have two meetings a week if everything stable, but we want to make sure that you're doing well and
tracy jackson: There's, you know, you don't need any additional services right
tracy jackson: You will be getting a notification of what the possible times for those groups are so for instance.
tracy jackson: You will have a meeting with a therapist, they'll do the assessment. The other group medicines. I'm sorry. The other group visits once a once a week.
tracy jackson: To have the there's a possibility for two of those every month to be with me. So I didn't tell you anything about me but I'm a, I'm actually a pain specialist
tracy jackson: I used to be an interventional pain specialist, you know, did all the writing of the abuse did all the things obviously every time started to realize like, like you have always known that the system really harms people
tracy jackson: And a lot of guys
tracy jackson: In soccer, yeah.
tracy jackson: So, you know, I became a yoga instructor and acupuncture is to help coach sort of an amateur
tracy jackson: Gut brain nutritionist sort of person. So basically I have these groups. So there are people who some one of their main mode of motivations to us in the first place is because it helps their pain.
tracy jackson: So in these groups that I do twice a month, we try to talk about things that are by scientifically valid in the literature.
tracy jackson: And that you can do from wherever you are, no matter if you don't have any money. So, you know, whether it's free resort, you know, free just basis basically coping skills training to try to do things to help manage pain.
tracy jackson: On top of your spots and to help manage flares right and reduce your craving. That's an optional thing. You don't have to get, you know, choose to go to those pain grits, you can just go to the
tracy jackson: They're more like recovery groups, you know, as, as her purse about time management every week, but if you'd like it a little additional
SSB504R: So I've learned with by our goal, though, so whatever you want to call it experience with opiates.
SSB504R: Is it the more you take the more not necessarily more pain relief you give me something worse and
SSB504R: Right, that might go to any more is Tylenol and ibuprofen and it works as good. I feel the pain down
SSB504R: Sure, it's going to try to train myself a long time ago that don't take more is that gets sicker and sicker.
tracy jackson: Man it folks.
tracy jackson: For sure. And there are other things, like I said, if you're interested in learning more you know about and we're talking about everything from whether it's
tracy jackson: acupressure points. You can do or meditation or communication skills or music therapy or sound therapy or anything like all these different sorts of things we kind of talked about, not everything works for everybody, but the idea is that we just expose you to different things that
tracy jackson: Are major changes. Yeah. So that's one thing. So
tracy jackson: You don't have to decide on that. Now we'll just kind of get you stabilized in the program first with the therapist and then in a group just every week, checking on your Suboxone or honestly
tracy jackson: Ultimately, what's your stable. The drug tests are all clean. That kind of thing. And then we can extend your prescriptions out longer and longer, but it's sort of a thing that you know you've got to show up.
tracy jackson: Sober to them, you know, to the meetings are not disruptive, you know, all that kind of stuff. So it's just kind of a little
tracy jackson: To make sure that everybody's doing the right thing. The way the drug, the drug, the drug tests work and you've called the virtual clinic. Correct. Correct. You have the numbers to the that's the call just now to check in for this meeting.
SSB504R: And no, I would
SSB504R: Just add
tracy jackson: Okay.
tracy jackson: Said, there'll be some to a group of people that are staffed 24 seven like this. So any issues you have, at any point, day or night.
tracy jackson: You can call on zoom this bright heart virtual clinics have any questions you have, you can call them again, we're not out to punishing you know understand that, you know, addiction is a very up and down thing and that
tracy jackson: Our job is to keep you safe and
tracy jackson: Alive and hopefully along the road to a stable recovery, so that you can, you know, parent and work and do the things that you want to do the best you can. Right. But, you know, if you
tracy jackson: If you feel like you're struggling, you know, let us know. The may have, you know, may have to shorten the amount of time between prescriptions or whatever. But we just want to make sure that the
tracy jackson: Amount of interaction that we have with you is what you need, right, if you are stable on Suboxone and everything is out and you need nothing
tracy jackson: You may be able to see us once or twice a month right but if if you need more or less.
tracy jackson: The goal is not to be not to punish you or kick you out of the program. The goal is actually to keep you in the program so that you can continue to get the support that you need, as you go along. Whatever your journey to recovery is going to be
Oh,
SSB504R: Yes.
SSB504R: Was known as isn't. What's the prescription that I did get last time was for buprenorphine pills and not not for Suboxone per se. Now,
He
SSB504R: Says, and they can they be the strips instead of those nasty. Cool. Yeah.
tracy jackson: We can give you a script so still be Suboxone
tracy jackson: It'll still have your accent and ever met. But yes, I can get you the film's for sure.
SSB504R: I don't think the people knocking kills actually having the locks on it, but it doesn't
It doesn't really matter.
tracy jackson: That person yet. So that's the thing. The other thing that the way they'll do the drug strength is they'll mail you a package. So what's the proper address for you just to make sure
SSB504R: The 709 number 32
SSB504R: But you might want
tracy jackson: To just make sure that if you move if something changes and you move. It's your responsibility to let us know.
tracy jackson: If your address or contact information is different because what we'll do for the drug screens is we'll actually mail you a package. When you. It's time for drug screen do not open the package.
tracy jackson: You'll actually call in to this virtual clinic and they'll actually watch you open the package and open the cup and then you go pee and then you bring them back and turn it around, all that kind of crap, right.
So,
tracy jackson: Yeah, anyway. They don't want to pee. But they made the point is don't open it up until they've done it. But that's how they do the drug screens here.
tracy jackson: And compliance with your, with your groups, the groups, both your individual with the therapist in your group therapy. Those are mandatory if you skip groups, for whatever reason, it's going to affect the length of the number of pills that we can give you. Right, so
tracy jackson: Like about like
SSB504R: Ages, so like the Methadone clinic so
tracy jackson: Yeah, so you're kind of
tracy jackson: Used to. Yeah, you're kind of used to this sort of thing. I mean, some of it is we have to jump through legal hurts a lot of it is because we want to make sure that you know
tracy jackson: That we're touching base because if you're having a problem. We want to know so that we can
SSB504R: We don't want to give someone like a serious narcotic. You know, watching like I'm dying.
Yeah.
tracy jackson: For sure, also with your first perfect this are messing with your first prescription of Suboxone I also write your prescription for Narc and just to have in the home and
tracy jackson: So they gave me some of that on the one I got.
SSB504R: Seven days, but I could take some water.
tracy jackson: Yeah, I mean, it's like if you have it in the home. That's fine. I still am sort of required to write it when I write a similar thing for the first
Time.
tracy jackson: But it's also good to have and just know that
tracy jackson: That it's a spray
tracy jackson: And it depends on, I'm not sure how much your son knows about this or knows about in our town or whatever. But, you know, if you have a adult in the home to know how to give it to you in cases they are or just to let them know if you can't wake you up the call 911 and just to say that
tracy jackson: The pills and you have an arcane in the home because that difference in five minutes. Right.
tracy jackson: I don't want anything to happen, and certainly it's more risky. If you start taking things like benzodiazepines are
tracy jackson: The things we
SSB504R: Absolutely. If you
tracy jackson: If you just take it as prescribed and you've been on it a week, you should be fine, but always just it's a strong IP. So that's why we want
SSB504R: I've taken it before to
tracy jackson: You. Yeah.
SSB504R: It is very strong.
SSB504R: doesn't have that feeling to it.
SSB504R: So started last few days, sometimes. Yeah, yeah.
tracy jackson: And when you think about your motivation for wanting to stay on this about fun
tracy jackson: What comes up for me.
SSB504R: And my boy, and it's is a quality of life and he have a smile on my face and you're watching TV and kicking back in the morning or like walking in circles like sweating.
Right.
SSB504R: Crab
SSB504R: Draws like I mean shocked and all attain this comes back.
tracy jackson: And it's good to you know will always ask this in groups, you know, because it's very easy. As you know, I mean, you've been using the sentences for quite some time. You know when your body hasn't been making them for a very long time.
tracy jackson: You know, there is this sort of craving, it changes sort of your brain is always good to if you can think about it and just making some reminder for yourself whether it's on your phone with an alarm or posting up or asking your son is just some something some accountability.
tracy jackson: Markers around to help you remember why you want to
tracy jackson: stay clean when the craving. It went
Right.
tracy jackson: Have you, have you ever participated in anything like in a
SSB504R: Long time ago.
tracy jackson: Is that something that appeals D.
tracy jackson: No. Okay.
tracy jackson: All right. And then last thing, again, this is just kind of a little checklist. So this is these are just yes no to these questions.
tracy jackson: So detect opioids in larger amounts or over a long longer time period than you intended
SSB504R: Um, yeah.
tracy jackson: Have you had a persistent desire or unsuccessful efforts to put down a control your iPod.
tracy jackson: Would you say you spend a great deal of time and activities necessary to obtain us or recover from I believe
tracy jackson: You have craving or strong desire to use opioids.
tracy jackson: Have you had recurrent yeast, resulting in a failure to be able to fulfill your major obligations that works for him.
SSB504R: Yeah, there
tracy jackson: Have you continue to use despite having persistent social or interpersonal problems.
tracy jackson: And then
tracy jackson: And like you said. So you mentioned you had not had any physical injury or complications from your abilities as far as, you know,
tracy jackson: But you do have tolerance and withdrawal that you told me. Okay. All right.
SSB504R: They seem to become right badly. They don't even mess really today with myself of methadone. Another one milligram a day walk out of that place and anxiety as for about two weeks straight and then when I started using it. I just, I was hired one day in and out with his craft.
SSB504R: To look like. So what's missing. And I think about the
SSB504R: Oil was like, oh, wow, well better who serves
tracy jackson: Me.
tracy jackson: Right back. Yeah.
That's
tracy jackson: So that's the hard part. So hopefully to what will happen after this. Like I said, the
tracy jackson: The notes.
tracy jackson: For this meeting, not, not this number, not this this zoom number, but the number you call before to check in.
tracy jackson: Remember these are that number right after this.
tracy jackson: Uh huh. No way, that's my number. I think
SSB504R: Or the throwaway number
tracy jackson: My number is 43 I think it's the
SSB504R: Numbers, I have
Yet
tracy jackson: To call them back. You'll need to fill out two things. So one will be. Bam. It's a brief addiction monitor just to get a baseline and they'll also assign you to a therapist.
tracy jackson: Appointment and do one other little questionnaire this damn thing. It's very brief, brief addiction monitor, but you have to do that before every meeting.
tracy jackson: So when you call them for these group meetings, I told you that you'll have once a week. They'll want you to fill out this and this is just a way again that we sort of follow in track your progress over time.
tracy jackson: So you'll get some practice doing that right when we hang up here during that time. I'll also make sure that they make you a follow up appointment to see me.
tracy jackson: Actually will hold off on that about the pain until we make sure that you get established, but we'll make sure you get into a group
tracy jackson: Will make sure you get the appointment for your labs and appointment with your therapist, and then I'll call in a week. A week prescription. I'm going to write it for 12 milligrams film a day but you can be. It'll be an eight milligram films.
tracy jackson: Will be like written as, like, a one and a half. So like you said you can take the one in the morning and a half at night, but I'm just going to
tracy jackson: Write it as 12 milligrams a day okay and and then we will reconvene in a week, either with me or or somebody else and kind of go from there.
tracy jackson: And I know
tracy jackson: A lot of information. So my I'll send you an email.
SSB504R: Perfect. That's always an
Excuse. Yeah.
tracy jackson: And is it solely right it's a little overwhelming, but any other any questions that are coming up for you now.
I'm
SSB504R: Melted like a big of I'm sure we'll have to go on.
tracy jackson: Alright, alright. Chris will remember hang up here and call back to the clinic and they'll have you fill out those two surveys and making and get your next appointment for you. Okay.
SSB504R: Okay.
SSB504R: To call I call them to the clinic.
tracy jackson: Before. Yeah. Before you ain't number that you call before
SSB504R: That now on the on the zoom meetings the calendar or the
tracy jackson: Yeah, okay.
SSB504R: Yeah. Gotcha.
tracy jackson: Yeah.
SSB504R: All right. Thank you. Bye.
tracy jackson: Thank you.